README.md, before:

# BSH

Bsh (short for bad shell) is a simple shell made by me in C++. It supports basic features like pipes, redirections, environment variable expansion, script execution, and a colorful prompt.

## Features

- Command execution – Every shell can do this
- A few built-in commands
- Piping – Commands can be piped into each other by using |
- File completion using TAB - Thanks to GNU Readline
- stdout/stderr/stdin redirection using > >> 2> 2>> <
- Env variable expansion – `$VAR` or `${VAR}` will be expanded
- Script execution – Put a few commands into a file and run it
- Colored prompt – Nothing more to say about that
- Command history – Lets you run commands from your history (also some other stuff but not enough space)
- Displays the last exit code 🤯
- Multiline commands using \ and separating commands using ;
- Support for all kinds of wildcards
- Environment variables
- Configurable prompt via `~/.bshrc`

## Requirements

- A computer
- Linux

## Installation from the AUR

If you're running an arch based distro, you can install bsh from the AUR:

```bash
yay -S bsh-git
```
> You can also use any other AUR helper

## Installation from source

1. Install dependencies (example for Arch Linux):
    ```bash
    sudo pacman -S cmake base-devel fmt readline
    ```
2. Clone the GitHub repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/simon0302010/bsh.git
    cd bsh
    ```
3. Build and install:
    ```bash
    cmake -B build -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr
    cmake --build build
    sudo cmake --install build
    ```

## Usage

Just run `bsh`.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 3. For more information, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Only call get_path_names() when the PATH enviroment variable is changed. Also aadded notes section to the README.

README.md, after:

# BSH

Bsh (short for bad shell) is a simple shell made by me in C++. It supports basic features like pipes, redirections, environment variable expansion, script execution, and a colorful prompt.

## Features

- Command execution – Every shell can do this
- A few built-in commands
- Piping – Commands can be piped into each other by using |
- File completion using TAB - Thanks to GNU Readline
- stdout/stderr/stdin redirection using > >> 2> 2>> <
- Env variable expansion – `$VAR` or `${VAR}` will be expanded
- Script execution – Put a few commands into a file and run it
- Colored prompt – Nothing more to say about that
- Command history – Lets you run commands from your history (also some other stuff but not enough space)
- Displays the last exit code 🤯
- Multiline commands using \ and separating commands using ;
- Support for all kinds of wildcards
- Environment variables
- Configurable prompt via `~/.bshrc`

## Requirements

- A computer
- Linux

## Installation from the AUR

If you're running an arch based distro, you can install bsh from the AUR:

```bash
yay -S bsh-git
```
> You can also use any other AUR helper

## Installation from source

1. Install dependencies (example for Arch Linux):
    ```bash
    sudo pacman -S cmake base-devel fmt readline
    ```
2. Clone the GitHub repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/simon0302010/bsh.git
    cd bsh
    ```
3. Build and install:
    ```bash
    cmake -B build -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr
    cmake --build build
    sudo cmake --install build
    ```

## Usage

Just run `bsh`.

## Notes

- This shell is still in development, so expect bugs and missing features.
- When the PATH environment variable is changed, the command changing it will take around 50ms more to execute due to the list of available commands being rebuilt.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 3. For more information, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
